hide hellochain from tutorials site. add warning to readme (#259)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: hellochain/README.md

# HelloChain

### A "hello world" blockchain built with the Cosmos-SDK

> ###  *****under repair at the moment, proceed with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  *****under repair at the moment, it is recommended to do the nameservice tutorial.
```
